Red Merlin can't stop crying. Desperate.

Red Merlin: Don't do it, please.

The most powerful mage of the Moon guild is on the brink of death.

He reaches out for a mana potion under his red vest.

Death 34: Don't drink that.

He looks back at me, frightened. He obeys.

Red Merlin: We can make this work, I can be useful to you.

He makes me sound like a cartoon villain.

Death 34: How old are you?

Red Merlin: ??

I sit by his side.

Death 34: Talk to me.

Red Merlin: I'm 14.

Can't help but laugh. A little kid playing a seventy year old wizard.

Death 34: What made you start playing?

Red Merlin: Everybody else in class was playing it.

Same reason as me.

Death 34: I bet they are all dead now.

Red Merlin: Yeah.

Death 34: You must be pretty famous.

Red Merlin: I was.

Red Merlin: When they first heard of my rank, they were pretty crazy about it.

Remembering nobody knows I'm Death 34 makes me relieved.

Red Merlin: Nobody cares anymore.

Sorry, Merlin.

Red Merlin: You work at a gas station, right?

He reads those crappy forums, huh. Either that or his party enjoys good gossip.

Death 34: Yeah.

'Some lies are for the best', I tell myself, trying to shake off the guilty.

Red Merlin: Why did you come here today?

It wasn't for the daily quests, that's for sure.

Death 34: Guess.

Red Merlin: To kill me. But why?

Death 34: Because you're strong.

Red Merlin: You didn't seem to have trouble kicking my ass.

Death 34: Well, yeah. I've been preparing for months. 

I show him a necklace encrusted in rubies.

Red Merlin: Wow!!! You defeated the Inferno Djinn?!

Defeat the Djinn at this level? I'm not that good.

Death 34: No, player market.

Red Merlin: Oh, okay.

I can feel the disappointment.

Red Merlin: I thought you liked to kill people who really liked the game.

Death 34: You don't like it?

Red Merlin: Not that much.

Death 34: But you wanna keep playing, right?

Red Merlin: Well, yeah.

Death 34: Red Merlin wasn't the only one crying back then, was he?

Red Merlin takes his time.

Red Merlin: I cried too.

Death 34: Because you care, right?

Death 34: You're worth killing.

Red Merlin: Makes sense.

I turn my eyes to the flames in the catacombs, giving Merlin time to think.

I imagine his fourteen year old self, swollen eyes, red from frustration.

Red Merlin: The game is a part of your life too, right

A huge part.

Red Merlin: Aren't you afraid of losing?

Death 34: Terrified.

My cheeks go pink, my body contracts a little.

Death 34: That's one of the reasons it feels so good, I think.

Pretty embarassing stuff, but it feels good to be honest.

Red Merlin: I've always thought you were a jerk.

Red Merlin: You're pretty cool.

Death 34: I'm still gonna do it though.

I get up and draw my scythe.

Red Merlin: I know.

You're a good guy too, Merlin. Not everybody accepts it so well.

Death 34: Bye, Merlin.

Red Merlin: Bye

Yellow sparks blast off at the point where the blade meets his body. 

His life bar quickly decreasing. Gone. 

My eyes moist up, yet I can't help but smirk. I take a deep, long breath as I move back to town.

I reach out for my notebook as I log out.

All that time preparing were for this moment. 
This tingling electricity running through my body as I slash 'Red Merlin' from the list.

I let myself go, slamming myself at bed. Every muscle in my body relaxing. Paradise.
I look at my list, staring at not one, but two names.

Slashing those two names will feel even better than this, I'm sure.

But preparing will take forever.

A single blind spot is all it takes to end Death 34.

To end this paradise.