START:
Red Merlin can't stop shaking. Desperate.

Red Merlin: Don't do it, please.

Red Merlin: We can make this work, I can be useful to you.

Down to his knees, mouth open, tense eyes, trying to catch his breath. 

His opponent points at what Merlin is holding. Merlin's eyes widens as he hugs his weapon, doing his best to protect it.

Death 34: A fine rod you have there.

Silence. Merlin's face relaxes into sadness as he takes a deep breath.

Red Merlin: Fine, you win.

His opponent smiles as the item received message pops up.

Defeated, Red Merlin gets up. His weapon is lost, but not his life.
He starts making his way back to town, hoping to enjoy some safety for a change.

Death 34: Have any last words?

Red Merlin cannot believe what he just heard.

Red Merlin: I'm sorry?

Red Merlin: C'mon!!! That's a five star weapon you took from me!!

His face contorts as he screams, his fists clenched, ready to explode.

Red Merlin: What else do you want from me? Just say it!

Once again Death 34 smiles at Merlin. 

He raises his scythe, the blade reflecting the green light in the cave.

Red Merlin: I'll do whatever you want. Really, I promise.

Yellow sparks fly as the blade cut through his body. Merlin stares at his HP bar as tears drop down.

Zero. 

Death 34 puts both hands behind her neck, grinning at the corpse.

One hundred and seventeen kills. 
A job well done.
#pb
Lucas: Come down, dinner is ready!

Those words coming from the kitchen make Sara's stomach growl. 

She swiftly navigates Death 34 back to town, eager to log out.

In the meantime, a slightly overweight man at his fifties makes his way to Sara's room.

Lucas: You'll be deaf when you get to my age.

Sara: Dinner, right? I'm coming, I'm coming.

Sara manages to log out as her father crosses his arm and sighes.

Lucas: If you heard it, why not reply?

She turns to him and smiles, shaking her head from left to right.
Sara had never seen her father angry and that was her favorite thing about him.

Chicken, salad, rice. It looks pretty yummy.

Sara: Mom is late again, huh?

Dad: Yes, stuck at the office.. It's a big project, she says.

Yeah, right. A big project. Sure.

Sara: What kind of guy do you think he is?

Dad: Who?

Sara: Mom's lover.

Dad gets all surprised, but his face turns to bitterness.

Dad: That joke is getting old, Sara.

I smile at my old man. An honest smile with just a dash of pity.
I turn to my food as a tomato catches my eye.
I wonder if Red Merlin is crying now. Level 56, Pyromage, high level equipment. He probably invested over a hundred hours into the game. 
All gone now. I would cry. Maybe.

Dad: What's wrong? Does it taste bad?

Guess I got caught staring at the tomato.

Sara: Nah, it tastes great.

I can feel dad looking at me as I eat up. It really does taste good though.

Dad: So what have you been up to, lately? Still playing that permadeath game?

Sara: Yeah.

Dad: Brian died last week, did I tell you?

Brian. So dad still keeps contact with him. Cool that their friendship survived retirement.

Sara: No, I didn't know he played.

Dad: Well, retirement opens up a hole in our lives. 

Dad: Some buy tons of novels and read only half...

Dad's expression sours.

Dad: Some play MMORPGs, like Brian.

Sara: What level was him?

Dad: 40 something. Another player got to him.

Oops. That may have been me. Sorry, Brian.

Sara: It's a tough game, you have to be really careful. 

Dad: So I've heard. He's looking for a new game now. One where you can try again if you die.

Sara: What's the fun in that?

Dad lets out a short laugh. He quietly stares off into the window. I hope things work out between him and mom. We wash the dishes together and I go back to my room. There should still be time for another hunt.
START: